Civilizations
Key People

Spud
Spud was an unemployed 35 year old man with a degree in environmental soil sciences and picked up Underwater Basket Weaving as a hobby. Unable to find a job close to home, he decided to move back with his parents. On one particular day when his parents were scolding him and telling him to stop sitting around playing games all day and get a job. Spud got fed up and left the house, wandering into the inner city at 2am, and was blocked by a strange man in a business suit. The man asked if he had $10 to spare, to which Spud replied: “I would, but I don’t even have a job”. This seemed to peak the man’s interest. He then whispered something and a black van raced next to them and Spud had a bag thrown over his head, was shoved inside and taken.  

Tim/Thompson
Having years of being without glasses, since his prescription ran out years ago, he has developed a higher hearing radius allowing him to detect zombies from further away when they groan. However, will have the lowest chance of detecting the zombie hiding. Before the NZ, he was running a bar in the city which was Spud’s favorite bar.
This enemy is a bit stockier in size. He is around 55 now and used to be a businessman, so he is still wearing his suit, even in the apocalypse. His suit is that kind of lighter color. Maybe make the suit and character look something like Dave Bautista? His eyes are a tad squinty at most times due to his lack of being able to see properly.  Primary weapon: rebar wrapped around his fists 

Mackenzie Mathews (Mac)
Before the Zombie Apocalypse, she was a fitness trainer who ran marathons in her spare time. She goes out in typical marathon wear. At 40 degrees, she wears a Tank top, gloves, arm warmers, and Capri leggings. With dyed brunette hair. The perseverance and speed that she honed before the zombie apocalypse helped her survive the initial outbreak. Being a trainer, this makes her more persistent than the other two enemies. She will continue searching, or being on alert even after losing sight of a zombie.

Sean/Sawyer
Born into the zombie apocalypse, his family has always taught him to never engage zombies, always run and get someone stronger. At a young age he somehow found a working mp3 player and has managed to keep it running throughout the years. He has headphones in at all times, drowning out most of his ability to hear (it helps him, cause he is terrified of zombies). But he makes up for it by being able to spot a “non-dead” zombie in a pile of bodies easier(so if you see him running away from you, you had better start creeping/crawling away). Primary weapon: carries a flashlight and typically travels with another human. 
This enemy is on the scrawny side, and is wearing shorts and a heavy metal t-shirt in 45 degree weather, because he doesn’t own any jackets. If alone he won’t actually attack the zombie. They will run to find another human to finish the job.

CEO of Zombinc
The creator of the zombie outbreak. Wanting to replicate actual emotion within their zombie game. He believed through the NZ virus, that he could control the zombies to the point of getting his results and killing them afterwards. But due to a bug in the program he lost control, which resulted in putting bounties on whoever was able to kill the remnants of the horde. With only Spud remaining, he believes by having him killed, his mess will be forgotten.

 
 


Political Factions
Zombinc
Hunters: Are people who have volunteered to hunt zombies in Zombtropolis for Zombinc for a high amount per zombie confirmed kill. They were the first the first humans to return to living in Zombtropolis as they began to clear out the city.
“Clean-Up Effort” Members: Came in once the Zombie population began to dwindle to a point that safety could be ensured.
Protection Force: Unlike the Hunters they are a professionally trained Militia that exist to ensure that the “Clean-Up Effort” is safe. They carry guns and wear uniforms they aren’t on the street during the evenings but they can be seen during with members of the “Clean-up Effort”.

Government
They helped fund Zombinc and Zombtropolis in order for military research to be done to create invincible soldiers. When they caught word of the outbreak, they decided to cut off all interaction with Zombtropolis by destroying the bridges connecting the city to the rest of the country.
After taking out most of the zombies, the government began helping the city with rebuilding starting with refurbishing the high rises and fixing the street lamps and some establishment, like Tom’s Bar. Since the bridges that connected the city to the mainland are destroyed, the government had to fly in their supplies via helicopter. 
 
Zombies
The handful of zombies that were injected with the nanites made a hamlet for themselves. But over a year ago, all of them were hunted down and killed except for Spud who was living in hiding, hoping to rest in peace in a grave instead of being killed in the street.