Physical structure and geography
Zombtropolis is located on an island. The bridges that once lead into the city were bombed to prevent the infection from spreading to the normal populus, leaving most of the outer city in shambles. The sidewalks and buildings that remain in the city center have survived the test of time and only show minor wear. The generators that the humans use keeps the streets lit to allow them to see the lifeless decaying eyes of any zombie stragglers.The cars that once populated the busy roads now sit lifeless, stripped for parts by the survivors. (if you thought you’ve had to sit through bad traffic before, imagine being stuck in traffic for 20 years)There will also be signs that say things like “Please, do not feed the zombies” (because people are crazy and will feed zombies like ducks at the lake), where ‘not’ would be scratched out, almost as if a zombie did it on purpose.




Key Landmarks
Zombtropolis
 City island funded by the government to research the nanite capabilities. Zombinc had their own ideas with the test subjects. While slowly conducting their government research, they try to zombify people with the nanite. Thus creating the Nanitcal Zombiosis (NZ)  The city has many governments worker but don’t realize Zombinc was enacting their plans of zombies with multiple patients zeroes, like Spud.  

The City has bridges connected to four points to the mainland. 
Zombinc Building
The Company building that created housed and created the NZ virus creating the zombies that devastated Zombtropolis. The building stands tall in the middle of the city as it is a safe haven for the rest of the humans that reside in the city. Many of the rooms are either blocked off or used as a bedroom.  
Graveyard
Spud’s favorite resting place. Guarded by the best man in the world, Tom, who is watching the graveyard like a hawk. Not Spud’s actual grave but one that might give him the rest he wants.
Tom’s Bar
Tom’s business before the NZ ruined it. It is now Tom’s defense against the hoard. Armed to the teeth with various tables and chairs. Tom’s glasses are here, somewhere. When he was human, this was Spud’s favorite bar where he would drink “The Zombie”. 
